README.md, before:

## binlyzer

A program to analyze PE, ELF and Mach-O files.

### Building and compiling
To build the program, simply clone and use 'make':
```
$ git clone https://github.com/0xAbby/binlyzer
$ cd binlyzer
$ make
...
$ ./binlyzer /path/to/executable-file
```

### Unit testing

To help improve code quality, and assist in TDD (test driven development), the program is using GoogleTest Framework, to be able to run the unit test, installing libgtest is required. 

Installations steps are shown here: https://github.com/google/googletest/blob/main/googletest/README.md 


### Resources 

I found the following resources to be very helpful when writing this program:

- [Microsoft's PE Format documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/debug/pe-format)

- [OSdev: ELF](https://wiki.osdev.org/ELF) 

- [Mach-O loader.h](https://opensource.apple.com/source/xnu/xnu-4570.1.46/EXTERNAL_HEADERS/mach-o/loader.h.auto.html) 


- [Standard C++ Library reference](https://cplusplus.com/reference/)

- [C++ reference](https://en.cppreference.com/w/)

Commit message:

adding compiling and testing steps to README.md

README.md, after:

## binlyzer

A program to analyze PE, ELF and Mach-O files.

### Building and compiling
To build the program, simply clone and use 'make':
```
$ git clone https://github.com/0xAbby/binlyzer
$ cd binlyzer
$ make

...

$ ./binlyzer /path/to/executable-file
```

### Unit testing (optional)

To help improve code quality, and assist in TDD (test driven development), the program is using GoogleTest Framework, to be able to run the unit test, installing libgtest is required. 

Installations steps are shown here: https://github.com/google/googletest/blob/main/googletest/README.md 

To run unit tests, first the program needs to be compiled using the previous steps, then compile and run runTests:
```
$ cd unit_test
$ make
....
$ ./runTests
[==========] Running 13 tests from 1 test suite.
[----------] Global test environment set-up.
[----------] 13 tests from PETest
[ RUN      ] PETest.DosHeader
[       OK ] PETest.DosHeader (0 ms)
[ RUN      ] PETest.e_lfanew

......

[       OK ] PETest.dataVirtualAddress (0 ms)
[----------] 13 tests from PETest (2 ms total)

[----------] Global test environment tear-down
[==========] 13 tests from 1 test suite ran. (2 ms total)
[  PASSED  ] 13 tests.
```
If there are mistakes from the unit test it willbe dispalyed in the previous messages.

### Resources 

I found the following resources to be very helpful when writing this program:

- [Microsoft's PE Format documentation](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/win32/debug/pe-format)

- [OSdev: ELF](https://wiki.osdev.org/ELF) 

- [Mach-O loader.h](https://opensource.apple.com/source/xnu/xnu-4570.1.46/EXTERNAL_HEADERS/mach-o/loader.h.auto.html) 


- [Standard C++ Library reference](https://cplusplus.com/reference/)

- [C++ reference](https://en.cppreference.com/w/)
